# Research Project Template

This repository serves as a template for research projects.

## Dependencies

### python
All the experiments were performed using Python 3.9. In order to create a virtual environment and install the project dependencies you can run the following commands:

*The current `requirements.txt` contains commonly used packages. Remember to run `pip freeze > requirements.txt` before publishing the project.*

```bash
python3 -m venv env
source env/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### julia
All the experiments were performed using Julia 1.11.3. In order to create a project and install its dependencies you can open the Julua REPL (by running `julia`) and run the following commands:

*The current `Project.toml` contains commonly used packages. Remember to also commit `Manifest.toml` before publishing the project.*

```julia
using Pkg
Pkg.activate(".")
Pkg.instantiate()
```
or equivalently
```julia
] activate .
] instantiate
```

## Code organization

The directory [src](src/) contains the source code for the experiments.

The directory [scripts](scripts/) contains bash scripts that use the aforementioned code and pass parameter values required for the various experiments.

The directory [notebooks](notebooks/) contains jupyter notebooks producing the figures appearing in the paper. Each notebook reads output files which first need to be generated by executing the corresponding script of the same name.

The directory [figures](figures/) is used for saving the figures produced by the notebooks.

The directory [outputs](outputs/) is used for saving the json outputs produced by the scripts.

## Citation

If you use parts of the code in this repository for your own research, please consider citing:

    <!-- Insert BibTex here -->
